BD-3952 Explain why double-nested segments aren't allowed (#9002)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/engagement_tools/segments/creating_a_segment.md

![Segmenter filter groups with the AND operator.][9]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

{% alert important %}

> Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments would create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment A) that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.

Reviewer: Just to touch on the logic here, the cycle (A -> B -> A) would present an impossible segment, whereas double nesting 3 different segments A -> B -> C would increase the time. However, knowing if there's a cycle somewhere would present increased complexity that we want to avoid.

> Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments would create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment A) that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.

Author: ```suggestion
Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments would create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment C) that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.
```

> Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments would create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment A) that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.

Author: ```suggestion
Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments would create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment C) that introduces complexity and would increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.
```
Thank you for reviewing! Would this be a sufficient edit? @bclarke-braze

Reviewer: You still mention "a cycle", which doesn't match what you changed it to (segment A includes segment B which includes segment C), so maybe
```suggestion
Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments may create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment A) resulting in impossible criteria. Further nesting introduces complexity that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.
```

> Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This is because double-nested segments may create a cycle (segment A includes segment B which includes segment A) resulting in impossible criteria. Further nesting introduces complexity that may increase the time it takes to calculate exact statistics and complete related actions. You must recreate the segment you're trying to include by using the same filters.

Reviewer 2: By no means do you need to accept this, but here's a potential suggestion for making this use more plain and conversational language. 

```suggestion
Segments already using the **Segment Membership** filter cannot be further included or nested into other segments. This prevents a cycle where Segment A includes Segment B, which then tries to include Segment A again. If that happened, the segment would keep referencing itself, making it impossible to calculate who actually belongs in it.

Also, nesting segments like this adds complexity and can slow things down. Instead, recreate the segment you're trying to include using the same filters.
```
